# Annotation Store
Annotation Store is used to store the Annotation in the form of Web Annotation Data Model (WADM).
Currently this store is used to convert the PAGE XML to WADM and store & retrieve to display on UI.
Annotation Store uses Apache JENA to store the Annotation.

For this operation 3 REST services are provided,
1. /store : it accepts page xml generated by SWATI workflow and Annotation Store converts & Store it the form of WADM.
2. /byid  : this service accept the annotation ID and retrieve the complete annotation from the specified ID.
3. /query : this service is used to execute the custom (SPARQ) queries.

### PRE-REQUISITES
1. Apache Tomcat (any web server)
2. Apache JEAN

### Installation
#### 1. Setup APACHE Jena
Download Apache Jean https://jena.apache.org/ follow the instruction provided on the site to install and configure.
Run JENA and create dataset (by default the annotation store has been configure to kit  dataset )
#### 2. Deploy Annotation Store
Buil the project to generate the ANNOTATION.war file. Deploy into tomcat (web server) and call the REST services.
Even the Annotation Store can be access via web browser by visiting following link http://<ip-address:portNo>/AnnotationWADM
e.g. http://localhost:8080/AnnotationWADM

#### Note :
In case if new dataset has been created in JEAN with different name or the Annotation Store has been deployed to different system, 
then you have to set this information in properties file. This location can be found in the web server /AnnotationWADM/WEB-INF/classes/jenaService.properties
